We have been married for three years and have not seen each other until next year.
I’ve prepared a pot now, and I’ll have it next year.
You will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it
If you get it next year, you will get it next year,
I will get it next year,
You will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year
If you get it next year, you will get it next year. If you get it next year, you will get it next year.
I will get it next year,
You will get it next year, you will get it next year, you will get it next year,
I will get it next year, I will get it next year,
I will get it next year,
Even if this customer comes again
I have no problem, that's enough
Come back, it’s a very interesting name at the front
Eat the boss and drink too much
What is your identity?
What relationship do you want?
What's your relationship?
There is an old starting point